Added recipe anav13jclim.yml (#1466)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/recipes/recipe_flato13ipcc.rst

      trend distributions of (c) September Arctic and (d) February Antarctic
      sea ice extent.

    * Figure 9.26: Ensemble-mean global ocean carbon uptake (a) and global land
      carbon uptake (b) in the CMIP5 ESMs for the historical period 1900–2005.
      For comparison, the observation-based estimates provided by the Global
      Carbon Project (GCP) are also shown (thick black line). The confidence
      limits on the ensemble mean are derived by assuming that the CMIP5 models

>       come from a t-distribution. The grey areas show the range of annual mean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      are drawn from a t-distribution. The grey areas show the range of annual mean
```
?
